---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 6
date: '2017-06-12T07:58:00.000+01:00'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
modified_time: '2017-09-01T09:36:02.679+01:00'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8558253627828403034.post-7890703284193755720
blogger_orig_url: https://aspellclark.blogspot.com/2017/05/project-z750-part-6.html
---

So I go looking for other fuel pump suppliers to see if I can get one cheaper. nope, they really do want to charge £500 for a simple fuel pump. well, as the bike is currently scrap (the engine could still be a non-runner) there is no way I'm going to spend that sort of money to see if it will run.

searching on eBay, I find quite a few pumps for around £80-£100. that's better, but still a lot of money to spend on a piles of bits that I don't know works. a bit later and I find a pump for much less, only £20. that will be okay, so I buy it. just got to wait for it to arrive now.

while waiting I realise that I need to remove the old pump from the tank, and before I do that I will need to empty the tank, so I siphon the fuel out and loosen the bolts on the pump (with a lot of help from good ole WD-40). now just waiting for the new pump.

surprisingly, the fuel pump arrived almost a week before it was due. ohhh, exciting times. by now I've loosened all of the old fuel pump bolts, but before I install the new pump into the tank, I'll attach a battery to it, just to see if it works. so I use the wires that I created to test the old pump, and attach the ground wire again. Keeping my fingers crossed, I touch the live wire to the new fuel pumps live connector terminal and it buzzes into life. wow, that's really good news.

so now I undo all of the bolts from the old pump, remove it from the tank (being careful as I've heard that they are quite delicate and I don't want anything to break off in the tank. I put the new pump into the tank and tighten most of the bolts to the correct torque setting (I cant reach two of them with the torque wrench, but i think they are okay).
