---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 8
date: '2017-07-02T09:28:00.000+01:00'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
modified_time: '2017-09-01T09:36:02.481+01:00'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8558253627828403034.post-2296646370107098450
blogger_orig_url: https://aspellclark.blogspot.com/2017/07/project-z750-part-8.html
---

So now the engine has started, and sounds fine, it's time to look at what else needs to be done to get the bike back on the road. With a working engine, it's now worth spending some time and a little money fixing it.

Really I want to do as little as possible to get the bike safe to ride and through the MOT. so I will have a look at what the MOT checks are and make sure that it will pass all of those and check the brakes and suspension to make sure it's all safe.

okay, maybe i want didn't want to look too closely. guess I need to make a (long) list of the things to do and not think about the entire job. okay, here is the simplest list I think I can get away with:


all of the brake calipers need a complete strip and refurbish.
the fork stanchions are really badly pitted, so need to be sorted and new fork oil seals and oil.
the chain has rusted into its current shape, so i'm thinking that it will need replacing along with the sprockets.

that's the basic list, but with each caliper taking at least a few hours to strip down and refurbish that's still going to take me a few weeks (as I don't have that much time to dedicate to this project) the stanchions will cost a fortune to either re-chrome or replace, so I might look into second hand ones.

and of course i need to remember to do things in the correct order to make it easier. so before removing the rear caliper, it's worth undoing the front sprocket (too late). I could have used the chain over the rear sprocket to hold the front sprocket whilst undoing it, but I removed the rear caliper before remembering that.
