---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 3
date: '2017-05-25T12:09:00.001+01:00'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
---

I realised that this was going to be a little bit more involved than simply attaching a new battery and firing it up. I guessed that the alarm could be stopping the ignition circuit and that is when I found that the alarm remotes had non-replaceable batteries. I also read that if the alarm sits for extended periods with no power then it can be toast.

So my next step was to remove the alarm. another Hmmmmm moment.

I have never removed or fitted an alarm. I've never even looked into how they work and what they do, so this was quite a daunting task.

I took the insulation off the cables that attach to the alarm. now we've all seen nice electrical systems with all of the different colour wires to make it easy to see what goes where, well this thatcham alarm had a very large bundle of cables and all of them were black.

No help there.

So I had a look at how they were wired into the bike's loom. there was a bundle of wires going to the rear, which I guessed were for the indicators and the tilt switch (which was mounted in a nice visible position). I then traced the other wires, and quickly discounted some more as they were going to the battery, earth and a switched live (only had power when the ignition was turned on) this left me with six wires, but the fitter had very nicely arranged them into three pairs.

I took a chance and cut the wires, simply connecting the ends that would have gone to the alarm to complete the circuit.

with my toes crossed (my hands were busy attaching the battery) I turned the key and pressed the starter. Someone must have been looking down on me with pity, as the engine turned over. wow, I really couldn't believe my luck. it didn't fire up, but at least the engine wasn't seized.
