---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 12
date: '2017-07-31T06:24:00.000+01:00'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
modified_time: '2017-09-01T09:36:02.653+01:00'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8558253627828403034.post-7215247884698840361
blogger_orig_url: https://aspellclark.blogspot.com/2017/07/project-z750-part-12.html
---


Okay, I've been to halfords and bought a small bottle of brake fluid, so now I can get the pistons out of the front caliper, and start cleaning them up. first thing is to fill up the fluid resevoir and bleed the new fluid through. as the front has two calipers, bleeding the new fluid through is being a pan, so i had a brainwave! attach the front caliper to the rear system, as that is a lot less brake hose and no second caliper to make things harder.



of course bleeding the brakes with the caliper off the bike is not something i would recommend. I had one hand holding the caliper still so that i could turn the spanner on the bleed nipple. my other hand was on the spanner to loosen and tighten the bleed nipple, which left my foot to press on the the brake pedal whilst trying to synchronise all three limbs.



okay, this isn't working, so I've ordered a brake bleed helper (which will make the final refit easier) and i'll try again when that arrives.



while I'm waiting, I take the pistons out of the free caliper and start polishing them. with the autosol i found, they are cleaning up a treat. there is some really stubborn crud on the rear and i suspect i'll get some on the front as well. sure enough a lot of the crud comes off easily, but i am really going to have to work to get the pistons completely clean.

