---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 27
date: '2017-10-09T06:46:00.003+01:00'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
modified_time: '2017-10-09T06:46:38.589+01:00'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8558253627828403034.post-6472184438818627646
blogger_orig_url: https://aspellclark.blogspot.com/2017/10/project-z750-part-27.html
---


Well, some good news. the headlights didn't need fixing. they were working all along.



My wife helped me diagnose the problem. It was a really tricky one too.



She suggested I try the headlights with the engine running, which I knew wasn't going to work as my other bike's headlight comes on when I turn on the ignition, but I thought I'd humour her.



So, ignition on and press the starter. Oh crap. nothing. I turn the ignition off and on again (I know it's not a computer, I was listening for the fuel pump) all was quiet. no fuel pump. Here we go again.



Tank off again. I feel like I'm going backwards here. I put a battery directly to the fuel pump. whoops, should have put a cloth underneath the fuel hose first. But i don't care about a little spilt fuel. the pump works.



So it's the wiring (again). My wife suggested I try the pairs of alarm wires (which again, I knew wouldn't help as they were fine).



I wonder if I'll ever learn to just listen to her. She was right and fiddling with the alarm wires again, the fuel pump now powers up with the ignition (and I also still have indicators).

so I started the engine and attached the multi-meter to the headlight socket. nothing. I didn't say "I told you so" (out loud).



So then I try the other headlight just to really show her that it wasn't a good idea. 12V, it's working. I tried the first socket again and turned on full beam. 12V. everything works. Stupid bike, only having headlights when you turn the engine on.



So, whilst mumbling to myself about stupid bikes, I fitted a new horn and now everything is waiting for the forks.


