---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 1
date: '2017-05-15'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
---

I have a friend who currently can't ride.

they left their 2004 Kawasaki ZR750 outside for the past 7(ish) years. I have taken on the task of resurrecting it.

It was not "layed up", there was no preparation for leaving the bike for an extended period. it was parked up one day, and now years later I am looking to get it back on the road. it was on an optimate for a while, but due to where the bike was (outside) coupled with the optimate being needed elsewhere, it's had no power for the last 3 or 4 years.

so, to the bike. as it was left outside; under a cover most of the time, but wind and dogs have way of removing covers, so there were periods where it was outside and at the mercy of the elements.

Having decided to get it back on the road the first step was to take off the spider infested cover and have a look. Obviously the battery was dead, but that meant that the alarm battery was also toast.

this was not good news to me as the battery for the alarm unit is internal and not replaceable. the alarm keyfobs batteries are also non-replaceable, and that meant that the alarm was a gonna.

I took off the seat and removed the battery. optimistically I attached it to an optimate, but even they can't work miracles. I also looked round the bike and it isn't good news. the chain is a rusty mess, the brake calipers and pads look past saving too. but i'll come back to those if i can get the engine started.
