---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 7
date: '2017-06-19T08:49:00.000+01:00'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
---

now the fun of putting the tank back onto the bike. As the fuel system is under pressure when the bike is running, the connectors aren't simple push fit, but special clamps that you have to press both sides of and then push over the metal connector on the fuel injector line. sounds easy, and it is, until your trying to press in these connectors while they are underneath the tank and you have about 8 mm of space for your hand to fit. then it becomes a little bit more difficult. of course your hand is also at the wrong angle when you do manage to get in under the tank, so you can only press one side of the connector easily. I can just imagine the designers having a good laugh at the DIY mechanic trying to remove and refit the tank.

eventually it feels like it's connected, so I attach a battery, turn on the ignition and hear the small whirr of the fuel pump starting up. &nbsp;good news, so I press the starter an the engine turns over. But it's still not firing. oh wait, its got a manual choke, so I turn the choke and press the starter again, then I hear a trickle of liquid and start to smell petrol. argghhhh. I turn off the ignition, lift the tank and realise that I didn't connect the fuel line enough and the pressure has blown it off and pumped fuel all over the garage floor.

a lot more fiddling and I have the fuel line connector attached again (properly this time I hope). turn the ignition on, make sure the choke is set and press the starter.

the engine turns over and after a couple of turns it fires up. of course it didn't keep running, but I keep trying and fettling the throttle and choke, and eventually it fires up and keeps running. wow the bike has been brought back from the grave.
