---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 5
date: '2017-06-03T19:52:00.001+01:00'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
modified_time: '2017-09-01T09:36:02.647+01:00'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8558253627828403034.post-7143285940385649770
blogger_orig_url: https://aspellclark.blogspot.com/2017/06/project-z750-part-5.html
---


As my other bike was going in for service I decided to ask them their opinion on the fuel pump getting gummed up with fuel. they said that it's not common, and that the alarm is normally attached to multiple systems common ones being the fuel pump and the tip over sensor (as well as the kill switch)



okay, so the next step is to put power to the fuel pump and see if it works. tank off again, up on the bench and create wires to go straight from a battery to the fuel pump connector. once the wires were ready, I attached the ground lead to the fuel pump connector and (making sure I didn't short the battery) touched the live battery wire to the other connector. viola power direct to the pump, but absolutely no sign of life, no humm, no vibration, nothing.



okay, are the wires connecting properly? multi-meter from battery terminal to ground wire connection on tank. yep that connection is fine, no resistance. so switch the multi-meter to volts, ground multi-meter probe to same connector on pump, live probe to live battery terminal. yep 12 volts. so as far as i can tell without taking the pump out of the tank, the connections are fine, but the pump itself looks dead.



I did scratch my head and talk through the logic with my wife, but I cant see any way that the pump would be affected by the alarm wiring. now does it look like the fuel level sensor should be affecting it. so the pump is dead, what next.



the only thing i can think of doing now is replacing the fuel pump.



So off to the internet (it does make things easy doesn't it). so I go looking for a fuel pump for the ZR750. OMG £500 for a new fuel pump, are they serious?
