---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 30
date: '2017-12-23T10:19:00.000Z'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
modified_time: '2017-12-23T10:19:14.136Z'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8558253627828403034.post-3588315791811070899
blogger_orig_url: https://aspellclark.blogspot.com/2017/12/project-z750-part-30.html
---

Whilst waiting for the new brake hoses I thought that I would try to see what was wrong with the front brake light switch, so I took the switch off the bike, put a multi-meter to it (set to measure resistance) and viola, no change when I press the switch, so it's dead. New switch ordered from eBay.

I then decided to take the rear wheel off and have a look at the swing-arm. And boy did it need looking at (and some work too, but I'll get to that in a bit).

Once I had access to the swing-arm it looked really bad. it was basically all brown (and no the bikes colour is supposed to be black not brown). I got out some 80 grit wet and dry and started cleaning the rust off, and to my relief, it was only on the surface, so I got into every nook I could without taking the swing-arm off the bike, and cleaned it up.

Of course there are places I couldn't get to so I will have to re-visit the swing-arm at a later date and finish it off.

Once the rust was gone, I cleaned it up and covered it in Hammerite. I know not the most traditional of motorcycle paints, but hey, I just want to get this bike back on the road, not make it showroom clean again.

The new front brake light switch arrived and when I connected the wires to it, the brake light switched on and off. done. Oh wait, the screw holding it onto the bike is knackered. Typical. okay, new screws ordered, but we're getting there.

