---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 9
date: '2017-07-15T07:58:00.000+01:00'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
modified_time: '2017-09-01T09:36:02.544+01:00'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8558253627828403034.post-4708481579908629914
blogger_orig_url: https://aspellclark.blogspot.com/2017/07/project-z750-part-9.html
---


with the rear caliper removed I got it on the bench and worked out how to remove the brake pad pin, there is an r clip on the inside edge to stop it falling out. so after removing what was left of the r clip (I didn't see it at first as it was covered in goop and the pin has a hex head which made me think it was screwed in, so I turned it and turned it, and then noticed a bit of metal sticking out, which made me look a little closer and then I spotted the pin), the pad pin came out easily then, and I took the brake pads out. this was when I&nbsp;remembered that I was supposed to get the piston out using the hydraulics, which doesn't happen after you've disconnected them (strangely enough). I got lucky though and the banjo bolt was placed directly in the middle back of the piston, so I removed the banjo bolt, found a hex key of just the right size to fit the hole, and gently tapped the piston out.

the piston came out and was very shiny. except for the end which had about 3 mm of crud built up on it. so, after looking at some how to videos on youtube,&nbsp; I got a nice flat piece of wood, laid a t-shirt on it, found some chrome polish and set to work polishing off the crud. boy it takes some time and hard work (if you've let it build up like this) unfortunatelyIi didn't have much polish left, so I made start and then had to leave it while I waited for more polish to arrive. but I could already see that the piston wasn't damaged and would (with a lot of elbow grease) clean up and be fine. I kept getting tempted to scrape the crud off but reminded myself that if I scratched the chrome I would need to buy a new piston at £20, just because I had been impatient. so no more polishing until I get some more polish.
