---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 17
date: '2017-08-22T09:13:00.000+01:00'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
modified_time: '2017-09-01T09:36:02.586+01:00'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8558253627828403034.post-623719002659341401
blogger_orig_url: https://aspellclark.blogspot.com/2017/08/project-z750-part-17.html
---

So, I now have all of the calipers dismantled and ready for cleaning and polishing.

I have been doing some searching on the web about cleaning carburetors (for the CB750) and found soda blasting. This is taking an air compressor, attaching an extra hose to a nozzle and using that hose to feed bicarbonate of soda through the nose similar to sand/bead blasting.

using bicarbonate of soda is supposed to be safe on delicate parts as it is a soft material. it's also water soluble so I can soak parts after blasting to get rid of any left over soda.

I have a small air compressor so I thought I'd give it a go and see if I can get the calipers clean using it.

I got some clear tubing and made a cut in it. then I fitted it over the end of the nozzle and used duct tape to try to seal the connection. The other end of the tube was put into a tub of baking soda, and I fired up the compressor. it took ages to pressurise the tank. I wanted to get it up to 100 psi, and it's only a little compressor. it seemed to take an age, but I guess it took around two minutes.

once it was up to pressure, I pointed the nozzle at the caliper and pressed the trigger. it was fun watching the soda fly up the tube and when it hit the caliper some of the gunk was blasted off. It was working. of course it didnt work for that long. the duct tape seal didn't hold for very long and as soon as it leaked, the soda wasn't being sucked up from the tub and I was just blasting air at the caliper.

Having proved that soda blasting could work, I tried to re-seal the nozzle/tube junction, and gave it another go. it worked for a while but started leaking again. well at least a little bit more dirt was gone.

So soda blasting will work, I just need to figure out how to connect the tube onto the nozzle and properly seal it.

