---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 29
date: '2017-12-04T06:50:00.003Z'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
modified_time: '2017-12-14T07:33:22.789Z'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8558253627828403034.post-6704322398758103354
blogger_orig_url: https://aspellclark.blogspot.com/2017/12/project-z750-part-29.html
---


So, I've got the fork legs back with the new stanchions, seals and oil. putting hem back onto the bike went easier than expected. I pushed one then the other through the yokes and lightly gripped them with the yoke bolts (making sure I could still move the forks up/down and twist so that I could adjust them as necessary).



Then I attached the mudguard. my reasoning was that it would make sure that both fork legs were the same height and rotated correctly (plus it had to be put on before the wheel anyway).



I then checked the top of the fork legs to make sure that they were the same height as before I took them off. I then put the wheel on which went on easily enough, but I can't torque it up as I don't have the right allen bits (more tools to order, oh dear!).



Once the wheel was on (which also reassured me that the forks were aligned correctly), I tightened all of the yoke bolts to the correct torque and dropped the bike off of the lift.



It's looking like a bike again, finally.



Next step was to attach the two front calipers and get some brake fluid into it.


Once I'd worked out which caliper went on which side of the wheel, I bolted them in place and attached the brake hoses. Next I filled up the master reservoir, attached a brake bleeder to one caliper, made sure all of the bleed nipples and hose connectors were tight and started bleeding the new fluid through the hoses.

it seemed to take forever to start getting any liquid out of the bleed nipple, but eventually, it started coming through. and yes, I did remember to keep topping up the reservoir (although it did get quite close to empty a few times).

once I'd got the fluid in one caliper, I moved to the other one and did the same. again, it was quite a while before liquid started coming through, but it did get there, and then I kept going until no more little bubbles were appearing out of the bleed nipple.

then I went back to the first caliper and bled it until no more bubbles appeared.

So, I'm done. Except that there was no bite to the brakes. OK, I tied the front brake lever in and left it overnight as this is supposed to allow any air trapped in the hose to flow up to the reservoir and be released when you release the lever.

Next morning, I untied the lever, and bled both calipers a few times. Still no bite at all. I could push the bike with the front brake applied and it would move.

So, off to the internet and after a bit of searching, I read some people saying that as the brake hose goes over the mudguard it can get air trapped in it (as the hose loop is higher than either caliper).

I also read that brake hoses should be changed after around four years, and as these ones were about ten years old, I decided to order a new set of hoses from HEL. the new hoses go from the master cylinder direct to each caliper, so removing the over the mudguard hose and the bleeding issue.

so another wait for parts.
