---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 11
date: '2017-07-26T06:53:00.000+01:00'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
modified_time: '2017-09-01T09:36:02.696+01:00'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8558253627828403034.post-8681718339247957541
blogger_orig_url: https://aspellclark.blogspot.com/2017/07/project-z750-part-11.html
---

So, I thought loosening bolts ready to take things off would be a good idea? Right,

So now i look down and realise that I've loosened the front brake caliper bolts a little too much and I'm standing in a small pool of brake fluid. bugger. is there enough left to push the pistons out? guess i'll find out soon enough.

so i take the right hand caliper off the bike, remove the pad pin r-clip and pad pin. the pad come out and i press the brake lever. yes the pistons are moving out. now i know what your thinking, but no I didn't just push them all the way out. i put a small piece of wood in to keep the pistons in and moved onto the left hand caliper. same thing here, remove the pad pin r-clip, pad pin and pads. then pump the lever. oh fiddlesticks, not enough fluid left to move these pistons at all. great, not i have to get some brake fluid, fill it a bit just to get the pistons out.

I don't want to use any other fluid as it might contaminate the brake system, and I don't have an air compressor, so I guess i just have to sacrifice some brake fluid to remove the pistons.

having a dig round for something entirely unrelated to the ZR750 resurrection, i found i do have some more chrome polish. great I can now continue polishing the pistons. well i can once i get the front pistons out anyway.



