---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 25
date: '2017-09-27T06:23:00.000+01:00'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
modified_time: '2017-09-27T06:23:52.384+01:00'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8558253627828403034.post-4007522370833572569
blogger_orig_url: https://aspellclark.blogspot.com/2017/09/project-z750-part-25.html
---

Once the fork legs were at the bike shop, I decided that I could clean the front wheel and front end. At least it would be a clean incomplete bike.

I also put four new LED indicators on. The rear indicators had been broken off by our dogs running round while the bike was sitting, and the indicators that I had were LED whilst the original's were filament bulbs, so I put new indicators on the back and changed the front indicators for the new LED ones.

Once all four indicators were on. I put the key in the ignition and tried the left hand side. Ohhhh, not sure if that's right, but all four indicators are now flashing. I tried the right side indicators with the same effect. I looked for a hazard warning lights switch. Nope this bike doesn't have hazards.

which means something has gone wrong with the wiring. I guessed that the alarm wiring (which used to flash the indicators) needs looking at.

By now there are only two pairs of wires left that I'm not sure of the purpose. so I try each pair at a time with them connected and separate.

Yes, I found a combination that fixed the indicators, so I now have left and right side indicators working as they should. Well nearly. they are flashing too fast, so I need to order a new flasher relay, but that's easy.

Once the indicators were sorted, I finished grinding off the captive bolts from the fairing mounting bracket that I'd had used the dremel on, so that I could use normal bolts in place of the now non threaded rods.

Once I had sanded the mounting plate I gave it a coat of hammerite to help protect it from the elements, and put it back on the bike.