---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 31
date: '2018-01-04T06:58:00.001Z'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
modified_time: '2018-01-04T06:58:51.411Z'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8558253627828403034.post-4983526950850180593
blogger_orig_url: https://aspellclark.blogspot.com/2018/01/project-z750-part-31.html
---


Right, new braided brake hoses have arrived, so all I have to do is drain the brake fluid, replace the hoses and bleed new fluid through again.

The new hoses went on without a hitch. the kit I ordered (from HEL) had everything it needed; new banjo bolts and crush washers as well as the hoses. It made everything simple.

So I put it all back together, fill up the master reservoir. brake bleed hose onto the nearest calipers bleed nipple and start slowly pumping the brake lever. As I pump the brake lever, lots and lots of bubble appear in the reservoir.

After about an hour of pumping the brake lever (and opening and closing the bleed nipple) I'm getting nowhere. Either this is going to take days, or I'm doing something wrong.

My vote; I'm doing something wrong. So "To the Internet". very few people drain the brake system and then fill up from scratch. Or at least very few post about it. There are some people who use a syringe and push the fluid up from the bleed nipple. But I don't have a syringe. I did find a video of someone using a vacuum bleeder, which made it look really easy, and logically it should work as it sucks the air out of the system through the bleed nipple and it's replaced by fluid from the reservoir.

so off to amazon and one vacuum brake bleed kit ordered.

fingers crossed, it works as easily as the guy in the video made it look.

