---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 33
date: '2018-01-23T13:46:00.000Z'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
modified_time: '2018-01-23T13:46:23.532Z'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8558253627828403034.post-6139318083315738630
blogger_orig_url: https://aspellclark.blogspot.com/2018/01/project-z750-part-33.html
---

Okay, so we have brakes, we have lights, we have forks.

Next up is a quick test ride round the block. so I put my helmet on, wheeled the bike out of the garage and fired it up.

I put it into first and pulled gently away. okay so far. I tried the brakes just to make sure they wouldn't explode when I first used them (or at least for them to explode at slow speed). The brakes work. woohoo !!

okay corner coming up, oh. steering is a bit of a challenge, but I made it around the corner. Okay now to try second gear, clutch in, gear lever up.... and second gear (that shocked me, but I'm getting a bit of a pessimist with this bike now)

okay, trundle down the road and another corner coming up. I have to fight the bike round the corners, and I'm not sure if that's something I've done when changing the forks. Or it could just be the tyre pressure (which I should've checked before taking the bike onto the road!).

okay, next gear. Clutch in, gear lever... oh, the gear lever won't go up. Oh Oh. okay, try first gear again, yep can get into first, up into second. okay. now third... nope, the gear lever just wont move up into third.

okay, I'm round the block and back at home. I fight the steering to get onto the drive, and have a quick chat with my wife, and she suggests that the gearbox may just need to loosen up, after sitting for years, so I go round the block again.

unfortunately, I still cant get the bike above second gear.

Back in the garage and I checked the tyre pressures. it was 12 psi at the front (instead of 36 psi) and 19 psi at the back (instead of 42), so I've pumped the tyres up now, but still a bit more to do. I need to work out (and hopfully fix) the gears.
