---
layout: post
title: Project Z750 part 34
date: '2018-01-29T12:13:00.001Z'
author: Andy Aspell-Clark
tags:
- z750
- kawasaki
- motorcycle
modified_time: '2018-01-29T12:27:39.785Z'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8558253627828403034.post-7247671205844849942
blogger_orig_url: https://aspellclark.blogspot.com/2018/01/project-z750-part-34.html
---

So, I asked a friend at work about the problems changing gears, and he told me to be gentle and not to try to force the gear lever as it could bend the gear selector arms inside the gearbox. wow, my first thought was to try brute force, so I'm glad I asked before steaming ahead.

So, the idea is to gently work all of the gear selector arm and gears until they are all free. How hard can it be ?

So, I put the Z750 up on a paddock stand with its exhausts pointing out of the garage door. Fire up the engine and let it warm up for a bit. Now to try the gears. First is no problem. Second was okay too, so next if third, the gear I couldn't get into during my test ride.

At this point I would have crossed my fingers, but my right hand was holding the front brake on, and the left was holding the clutch. maybe I should have crossed my eyes instead. Anyway here goes, foot under gear lever and lift. There was a clunk and the bike was in third gear. I must be dreaming, but if I am, I'll take the chance and go for fourth. Yep, into fourth (although with a clunk). Okay, lets try third again. Into third but the gear lever didn't come back up. Oh. okay, I'll just use my foot and bring the lever back up. Now we can get back into second. phew.

Back down into first and the gear lever stuck again.well, Let try for top gear and see if it's freeing up.

So, up into second, then third. much easier this time. Fourth went okay, and then fifth. Yep up into all the gears. Going back down was tricky as the gear lever stuck down every time, but at least it is going into all gears now.

I hope that the gear lever will free up with use.

It's at this point that I notice a bubbling sound, and remember that I haven't yet changed the coolant, so it's only got whatever coolant is left after sitting for seven or eight years. opps. engine off and let it cool down.

The temperature gauge only got to 100 degrees, so it didn't overheat, but I had totally forgotten about doing the coolant, whoops !

okay, just a few more jobs before I book the MOT.